# Playground - Countdown Calculator
An attempt to create a solver for the numbers round from the Countdown TV show.

## The numbers round explained
Taken from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Countdown_(game_show)#Numbers_round

> The contestant in control chooses six of 24 shuffled face-down number tiles, arranged into two groups: 
> 20 "small numbers" (two each of 1 through 10), and four "large numbers" of 25, 50, 75, and 100. Some special episodes 
> replace the large numbers with 12, 37, 62, and 87. The contestant decides how many large numbers are to be used, from 
> none to all four, after which the six tiles are randomly drawn and placed on the board. A random three-digit target 
> number is then generated by an electronic machine, known as "CECIL" (which stands for Countdown's Electronic 
> Calculator In Leeds).

> The contestants have 30 seconds to work out a sequence of calculations with the numbers whose final result is as 
> close to the target number as possible. They may use only the four basic operations of addition, subtraction, 
> multiplication and division, and do not have to use all six numbers. A number may not be used more times than it 
> appears on the board. Division can only be performed if the result has no remainder (i.e., the divisor is a factor of 
> the dividend). Fractions are not allowed, and only positive integers may be obtained as a result at any stage of the 
> calculation.

> Only the contestant whose result is closer to the target number scores points: 10 for reaching it exactly, 7 for 
> being 1–5 away, 5 for being 6–10 away. Contestants score no points for being more than 10 away, if their calculations 
> are flawed, or if they take too long to give a solution after saying they have not written it down. Both score if 
> they reach the same result, or if their results are the same distance away. Should neither contestant reach the 
> target exactly, the assistant is called upon to attempt a solution, either immediately or at a later time during the 
> episode.